1. In today's session we got to know about Concept of variables in terraform,Concept of Modules and sub-modules in terraform and dry run.Importance of terraform plan,terraform registry , terraform refresh and many more. 
2. Modules :-Module makes the code reusable. Modules plays a crucial role in making of terraform code. Modules allow you to better organize your code. 
2.1 CLI has more priority than the terraform code on VScode. Current state information is stored locally in workspace.
3. The main terraform file is known as Root/Main module and other files are known as Sub-modules.Only the root module can retrieve the values of variables and we can also assign the variable values in the main.tf file/root module.
4. Submodules files are not allowed to call the variable only Root/Main Terraform file can call the variables.
5. Terraform variables can be defined within the infrastructure plan but are recommended to be stored in their own variables file. 
6. All files in your Terraform directory using the .tf file format will be automatically loaded during operations. 
7. Create a variables file, for example, variables.tf and open the file for edit.
8. Terraform plan : When you execute terraform plan, Terraform will scan all *.tf files in your directory and is used to create an execution plan.
9. Terraform Apply :- This command is used to apply the changes required to reach the desired state generated by terraform plan .
10. Terraform validate: The validate command is used to check the syntax of the Terraform files. 
11. Terraform Registry: Terraform Registry makes it easy to use any provider or module. To use a provider or module from this registry, just add it to your configuration; when you run terraform init, Terraform will automatically download everything it needs.
12. Terraform refresh :- checks the current status of the infrastructure and updates terraform.tf state file.
13. Terraform init command  loads the submodules and runs the root module . 
14. Terraform.tf state: This file stores all the information regarding the status of infrastructure.
