1. In today's session we saw the importance of Openstack magnum,overview on Cinder service,os_distro property ,Timestamp ( ),Substring function, Split function, for loops and much more.
2.Magnum is a openstack service which is similar to EKS in AWS.
3.The only difference is we can choose our own orchestration engine such as Kubernetes, docker swarm and soon.
4.Openstack provides us IAAS and Magnum provides us PAAS . The Combination of both is called Hybrid Cloud.
5.We configure the yum for Openstack queen so that we will have access to  11000 software that are available for use .
6.There are basically two ways  to install Kubernetes that are as follows:-
i. One is to go for manual way in which we need to install software in every node by ourself. 
ii.Second  way is to use  self managed service like EKS.
7.In AWS the cloud formation is one who will work as Infrastructure as code or a service. 
8.But it will work only for AWS service but if we need for openstack, we need to use Terraform. 
9.The configuration and setup for the requirement in packstack to create the cloud setup. We disabled some demo account so that we can access it using the admin account.
10.We enabled the openstack services such as magnum and heat because magnum service uses heat orchestration so we enabled heat service so that our magnum service work easily.
11.os_distro property : It set images as a optimised and thin for container. Behind the scene Magnum support this distro.
12. Cinder service is used for providing storage to the instances.
13.Timestamp ( ):-If we want to print the current time we can use timestamp function.
14. Substring function:- for finding the substrings from main string 
15. lookup function :-for finding the values from maps. 
16. Split function splits the string into the list of values separated with that delimiters according to the delimiters .
17.We have two ways to create the Map i. using {} braces ii. using the map function.
18.for loops:- for loops is used for iteration and comprehension of list and map using for loops.