1. In today's session we got to know about public network ,private network,DNATing,SNATing,gateway setting in openstack after adding router and network card, security group,(ingress/inbound and egress/outbound rules which we attach with the instance for connectivity),Keypair for the instances,creation of subnets,bridging,Quotas(limitation on usage of resources),switches and router connectivity in Openstack.
2.Launching user/tenant in openstack this is done by login through admin account.
3.Launching a project and providing the role to the tenant.
4.create two subnet with DHCP server.
5.create two subnet that connects to the switch.
6.Addition of Network card and router.
7.Connect the router to the two labs created by us in openstack. 
8.Adding Image using CLI and WebUI IN openstack.
9.Configuring Security groups and providing them inbound rules.
10. Then  we have to attach real network card to the  router we have created and then set Gateway to connect to real world Router to provide Internet Connectivity to Instance.
11.By default , No one can come  from Internet to O.S . So,we have to set DNAT.We also enable SNAT.For internet connectivity and by default its already enabled when we create the setup
12.DNAT is used to redirect traffic destined to a virtual host (identified by the original destination IP address) to the real host (identified by the translated destination IP address).
12.1 Public Network:-A public network is a network to which anyone can connect.provider networks to connect instances directly to an external network.
12.2 Private Network :-A private network is a network which is only known to the users who use it.Private network is created inside openstack cloud.
13. For this , we have to create Floating IP and associate this FloatingIP to the instance we have created . 
Automatic one rule is created inside the IP tables and it is known as DNAT.
14.Instance will use Floating IP only.
14.1 Finally ,we have to make our network permanent So we have use cmd 
cd /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/
15. Then add some rules in 
ifcfg-enp0s3 and ifcfg-br-ex file.


